How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Being able to view the diff between two version of the same file helps to
    quickly identify changes that has been done to the file. From there I am 
    able to quickly go through these changes to see where the bug was introduced

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to entire history of a file can allow a programmer to 
    see the various changes done in each iteration. This further allows the
    ease of reverting back to older versions if necessary

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros, more control and each commits are more meaningful. Cons, might forget
    to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Saving multiple files in a single commit allows for logical changes made to
    make more sense. Any rollback will be much easier where it covers all the 
    files related. For files like documents and whatnot it makes more sense to 
    be able to commit files individually.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log allows me to see the chronology of changes that happens for a file.
    git diff will allow me to compare and identify what are the exact changes
    that was done; be it insertion or deletion.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    By using version control, making changes that breaks something is more 
    forgivable. Any commit that breaks something can be track and reverted
    back.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I wish to try and use Git for my upcoming project using Laravel 5